---
type: inbox
created: 2026-03-03 12:22
processed: true
tags: []
---
I had a daily frustration here in my lab. Postdoc Jessica asked me to come help her with a label printer. She'd spent two hours trying to reset the label printer on the computer. I was a little annoyed to have to come handle that, but she had spent already a lot of time and I did say she could ask me for help, so I went and I did it. She had made some adjustments, deleted some printers. Granted, I had done this before so I had some experience, but I took the time to do it. It took about 30 minutes in total. She then told me to restart the computer, clean out the settings they had made, and restart. I was working with some experience. Then when I asked, I said, "Hey, so that we don't have to do this again, I would like for you to document what happened here in Notion." She said, "Oh, I can't do that, oh I'm already frustrated too much, oh I can't do anymore blah blah blah." Then I said, "Ok, well, then I will spend my time doing it so that I don't have to do this again," and she obliged.

That attitude of saying "oh I'm already overwhelmed by this", or "I've done too much" is off-putting to me. I need people who can either just get something done or when I have to help get it done they listen to what I say and not use their emotional state as a blocker of doing things. The answer is yes, yes, I see the rationale of capturing that and I'll do it. Makes me think about the future where I'll have people in my life/company. I need can-do people, not "I'm already overwhelmed", or "I'm stressed", or "I feel tired". Like, not acceptable. 