---
type: inbox
created: 2026-03-03 12:24
processed: true
tags: []
---
Today, technician Isabel told me, did not ask but told me, hey, I'm gonna be working from home today. Via text. She had already made some errors yesterday which she attributed to being mentally not on her game. I said hey, I really want us to reflect and document what went wrong here so we don't do it again. In particular the issue was that the secondary showed signal comparable to the primary antibody plus secondary conditions and if that's the case then that means that the primary is unreliable and is likely to do the secondary only but a lot of effort had been spent on imaging and working up the data for a good ten hours and so I said hey next time when we're looking at the images first we should look at the negative and if we're seeing the similar staining then we should not proceed to do all the effort to capture images of all the other conditions that requires some decision making and some insight about what's going on she acknowledged this but attributed it to her current pregnancy state to not making good decisions and so I said still I think that's why we should have documentation so that even when we're not at our best we can rely on the decisions that have already been made and just execute. This is reasonably a pattern there's a lot of errors and unreliable data. I can't really count on her to get the job done in a way that I can believe. Sometimes when things are working well there is quality work done but it's inconsistent and variable. I'm realizing also that I have to give very explicit guidance. Part of this falls on me. I don't know that I can rely on her to make a decision or judgment. I think the more that I can document and put into explicit instructions, probably the better outcomes will be. As I get with Maria Payne, whose relationship with me is very strictly I make the guidance, she does the work. So, this puts more burden on me and I feel stressed or not stressed but I feel like my plate is higher and I have to spend significant amount of time telling folks what to do. It's beginning to wear me out. And I'm wanting. If I'm going to put in that effort, I'm feeling like maybe I should just spare the resources of personnel and just do the planning and doing myself. Just have one or two really good executioners like Maria and not spend money on others to try to do some thinking and decision making because it doesn't turn out quite right. I have to figure out what to do, but the return on investment is not high. And I feel bad feeling like this because these are people and I like them and I want to be a good boss. And I'm not wanting to just think about what value does each person bring but the discussion constraints of having so many resources does make me think about every single person's participation in the lab and what they're able to bring him do and if they're not meeting the requirements of the work that is needed to be done then I need to consider whether I should be spending my resources in another way. 