---
type: inbox
created: 2026-03-02 15:18
processed: true
tags: []
---
I am realizing that the slowing that happens with typing gives my brain time to think and reformat. When I'm doing things by keyboard, what comes out is usually a little more polished, a little more intentional, more related to other things. When I'm speaking, it's much faster, and so there's less polish and less organization. There's maybe a lot of redundancy, because my working memory is only so large. There are benefits to each, but this stream of consciousness way of talking is kind of interesting. Maybe it will help me be more organized, more measured, but there is a trade-off to speed. Sometimes slowing down does help you, but sometimes you have to be fast.

I think that'd be interesting to try to figure out: where are the times where you want to be fast, where are the times where you want to be slow? For example, I was speaking to postdoc Rebecca today about writing, and I told her a rule about writing: don't censor yourself while you're writing; get the words out first. You know what you want to say, and then later come back and edit. It's similar to the principle that we're working on here of capture first, organize later. I would say, with writing, just say it first and then polish it later, but slowing down. When you're writing with a keyboard, it slows you down, and you have more opportunity to self-censor. I've found that the self-censoring of speaking is much less; there's much less barrier. We all know how to talk; we all know how to use our own words orally, and so I think that gets you over the hump. You just say what you want to say. 